Add X-Tenant-Id header info in the API key section (#694)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/administration-overview.mdx

Service keys are prefixed with `lsv2_sk_`

> <Warning>
> Use the `X-Tenant-Id` header to specify the target workspace.
> 
> - When using PATs, if you don't provide this header, operations will default to the default workspace that was selected when creating the key.
> - When using an organization-scoped service key, you must include the `X-Tenant-Id` header for workspace-scoped resources; otherwise the request will return `403 Forbidden`.
> </Warning>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Warning>
Use the `X-Tenant-Id` header to specify the target workspace.

- **When using PATs**: If this header is omitted, requests will run against the default workspace associated with the key.
- **When using organization-scoped service keys**: You must include the `X-Tenant-Id` header when accessing workspace-scoped resources. Without it, the request will fail with a `403 Forbidden` error.
</Warning>
```
